# 23/06/2023


### What I did today

- Today me and Lewis began setting up our Instagram-Clone app.
- I helped get flutter and dart set up on Lewis' computer.
- I created a github repository for the project.
- I created a firebase project and setup Auth, firestore and storage since those are what we will need for the project.
- I created a Trello board and Lewis helped me link Github to it.
- I made sure than Lewis was added to the Trello board, Firebase project and Github repository.

### What I learned

- I learned a few practices in industry for naming conventions of branches in repos and how they handle pull requests.

### What my plan going forward is

- The plan for tomorrow is to edit the coding convension template I have to make sure it matches the project
- We also plan to set up a code of conduct as it is important to any project to ensure nobody gets burned in the process.
- We will be going over the chosen technologies and justifying them with pros and cons against other choices such as react as the framework.

- We can skip the design thinking user stories since it is a clone of an app we are making so that has all been done for us by meta, although it could still be useful to talk about if we were to decide we want to develop the app into something similar to instagram but not a straight clone.

### Things to look at

- Differences between react and flutter


### References

[Webex Recording, 23/06/2023](https://uhi.webex.com/uhi/ldr.php?RCID=4346be870f14ae8449650c39e06296b4)

